#LyX 1.6.5 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
The Truth about Stealth 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
What’s that all about
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The following chapters will give you some introduction to anti-detection.
 They deal with 2-computer-stealth-setups, bring, VmWare, Ninja-folders
 and rootkits.
 These methods are overkill and unneccessary for the majority of smaller
 sites (just rename the executable and be good), but not enough for the
 very few sites that care.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Which sites don’t care about bots
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As a rule of thumb, you don’t have to worry much at smaller sites.
 Smaller poker sites usually don’t have the knowhow and the resources to
 really care about bots.
 They are a good start for any new botter.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Which sites care about bots
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Apart from Stars there are three sites, that are known to care: Cake, Party
 and FullTilt.
 To our best knowledge they do care --- sometimes and a little bit.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Your worst enemy
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Your worst enemy are not casino security departments, but the players at
 your table.
 Every bum at NL 2 owns Poker Tracker nowadays, so if you play too long
 hours, win too much or run 20 accounts with identical stats you will be
 reported very soon.
 Once you get reported, sites have to care, even if they actually love bots.
 They will have to investigate your account and ban you.
 And they will be praised for their anti-bot-policy on TwoPlusTwo, even
 more than sites which act proactive.
 So use your brain and stay under the radar.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
“The best wife of all”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nearly every day we have to deal with newbies, that have no clue at all,
 but want to bot at PokerStars.
 They insist stubbornly on Stars and they hassle the regulars with questions
 about the deepest secrets of stealth or beg for comments about the newest
 “kickass-stealth-setup”, they just have invented.
 We simply can’t tell them — except their setup will get their asses kicked;
 but that’s not, what they want to hear.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Believe us, it is possible to bot at Stars, and the most honourable botters
 play there; the great choice of soft tables and the friendly support are
 wonderful.
 But PokerStars will require some advanced methods of anti-detection, so
 before you try to bot there, consider the following points:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
As a rule of thumb 99% of all new botters fail horribly; they never reach
 the state, where they should play for real-money or worry about stealth.
 Why should we tell them all our secrets? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
As a newbie you don’t have a winning bot, so there is no point at all to
 play for real money; you should concentrate on development first, using
 ManualMode and PokerAcademy.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Why Stars at all? There are so many things to care about: bot-logic, tablemaps,
 hoppers and stealth.
 Even if you have just created your first bot and are confident, that it
 is winning, it is adviceable to narrow down the number of issues, forget
 about stealth and start at smaller sites that care a bit less.
 Smaller sites have enough traffic and fishy games at the lower limits to
 give you a start.
 You have just rootet out one big issue and can concentrate on other problems;
 believe us, there will be enough of them.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Starting at smaller sites with a more simple setup will teach you the basics,
 that are a prerequiste to play at tougher sites one day.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Perfect stealth can’t be discussed in public obviously, so give us some
 time to get aquainted with you.
 Score lots of hero-points and maybe one day you will be a successful and
 honourable botter too.
 One day you will be allowed to ask The 
\noun on
Great Max
\noun default
 himself.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
