#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Starting a new map
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Let's assume you start a new map completely from scratch.
 If you want to ease your job and get meaningful intermediate results we
 recommend to do your map in the following order.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
z$clientsizemin/max and z$targetsize first.
 They are absolutely necessary for connection.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
s$titletext next.
 Juts like clientsize it is necessary for connection, because it might be
 that other applications or other casino tables have the same window size.
 Choose something unique like 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

No Limit Hold'em - Logged in as
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Once you have defined these two items and put this map into your scraper
 folder OpenHoldem will be able to connect to the table even if it does
 not yet scrape anything.
 but the autoplayer button should become active -- and you will get lots
 of warnings at load-time because of an incomplete map.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
s$nchairs next.
 OpenHoldem needs to know how many chairs are supported by the tablemap.
 OpenScrapes region-cloner needs this info too if it clones the regions
 of player 0 to all other players.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
r$pXseated for all chairs 0..n-1 or at least for chair 0 if you make use of
 the region-cloner thereafter.
 This is usually an easy hash returning true/false like the following three
 items.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
r$pXactive to determine if a player is sitting in.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
r$p0cardback, r$pXcardface0nocard and r$pXcardface1nocard.
 It is usually easy to do these hashes and you can now recognize all cards
 except your own hole-cards.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
r$pXdealer to know who is the dealer.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
r$c0cardfaceXnocard and r$c0cardfaceX.
 The community cards
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
r$pXcardface0 and r$pXcardface1.
 The player cards.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
r$pXbet and pXbalance.
 This usually requires text-scraping and sometimes chip-scraping and is
 probably the most time-consuming part of the job.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
r$iXbutton, r$iXlabel and r$iXstate.
 The basic action buttons
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
r$i3edit, s$betsizeconfirmationmethod, s$betsizedeletionmethod, s$betsizeselecti
onmethod and s$betsizeinterpretationmethod if you want to create a no-limit
 or pot-limit-map.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That's it.
 Now you are ready to start playing.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
