#LyX 1.6.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Creating a Table Map
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "cha:Creating-a-Table"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Creating a Table Map is not a difficult process, once you get the hang of
 it, but it does have a steep learning curve.
 The benefit is that once you learn how to create maps, you can quite quickly
 take your bot to any casino on the Internet.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
OpenScrape is the program that is used to create Table Maps.
 It provides a graphical interface to provide a set of parameters that are
 stored in human-readable text files with the .tm extension.
 Try it – open any .tm file in Notepad and you can quite clearly see the
 way the file is laid out.
 Each Table Map has a set of parameters, grouped by record type.
 The following sections will discuss how to use each of these record types
 to create your map.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
