#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Choosing an operating system
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
OpenHoldem has been originally designed to work best on the 32-bit versions
 of Microsoft’s Windows 2000 or Windows XP operating systems.
 Any service pack level on these two choices seems to be fine.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
OpenHoldem works at any later version of Windows too, but we recommend you
 avoid Vista or its dependents (Windows 7, etc).
 These operating systems add a lot of useless cruft and bloatware that is
 not useful in this hobby.
 Most of the poker botters you will interact with in the community use Windows
 2000 or Windows XP as well, so as you learn and exchange ideas, it is useful
 to be on the same platform.
 This is especially true of Table Maps.
 A TableMap designed for Windows XP is not very likely to work on Vista.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, as you scale your botting operation up, you want to keep things
 as lightweight as possible to best utilize the limited computing resources
 at your disposal.
 For this reason, Windows 2000 or a minimalistic installation of Windows
 XP is often the choice of poker botters due to its very lean profile.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Windows 2000
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Windows XP
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Windows Vista: this operating system requires more resources then Windows
 XP, it needs at least XXX MB RAM.
 But its aero theme provides a major advantage: scraping overlapping tables.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Windows 7/8
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Windows 10
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
