#LyX 1.6.5 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Differences of OpenPPL And Standard PPL
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Principal 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Limitations
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
No built-in 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

winning-bot
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Internet-poker would be no joy if we gave away the magical million-dollar-maker
 to each of your opponents.
 Wouldn't it?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
No support for encrypted PPL-profiles.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
because the encryption algorithm is a business secret of Shanky and the
 profiles are copyrighted by their owners.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
because we didn't spend 10k or 12k hours to build a platform for fishy salesmen
 and plain scammers, who only want to 
\emph on
MAKE-MONEY-FAST
\emph default
, and lots of script-kiddies, who take what they get for free, beg for more,
 fall for a scammer, don't read the manual, demand personal hand-holding
 and finally blame you because 
\emph on
IT DO NO WORKS!!!!!!! 
\emph default
We deserve a better life than that.
 Right?
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
No built-in site support.
 OpenHoldem enables you to play at any site, provided you build a tablemap
 for it.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
