#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Gecko, Our Default Bot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
The Gecko story
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We once had an old-school-member called Gecko from the Netherlands.
 Gecko had no experience in the IT-business, but he was a really dedicated
 guy; a hard worker and fast learner.
 Gecko worked round the clock, contributed 500 posts per month to the forum,
 reported bugs Sunday morning 4 am.Over the course of the next three years
 he rewrote his bot at least 20 times from scratch, each time structuring
 it a bit better and making it stronger.
 Hard work pays off and so Gecko finally got a winning bot that made him
 a little fortune.
 Gecko traded his well-earned botting-money for six renovated teeth, a twelf-man
 internet-advertising-company in Pakistan and freedom from the Dutch police.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One day Gecko decided to visit his employees in Pakistan.
 He took his $200-car (bought from all the money the Dutch police left him),
 found the way through the snowy mountains of Austria and sunny Greece,
 missed Pakistan by some miles but discovered Thailand where he now lives
 in happiness.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gecko finally quit botting; but as a true gentleman he generously donated
 his pokerbot to the OpenHoldem community.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Its playing style	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lots of people used the Gecko-bot as a base for their own poker-logic.Everybody
 praised its coding-style and its good play.
 Gecko plays no-limit big-stack in a tight-aggressive (or maybe semi-loose-agres
sive) way.
 It uses PokerTracker to adapt to its opponents, stealing more against tight
 blind-posters, value-betting harder against calling-stations, being more
 cautious if a passive player gives action and more.
 For example Gecko is prepared to play for full stacks with mid-pair against
 hyper-maniacs.
 The Gecko-bot is by far the best bot available to the public we have ever
 seen (demo-bots) or heard of (commercials).
 It tries to squeeze the slightest edge in an aggressive manner; so be prepared
 for some funny swings, hopefully more often in the right direction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Does Gecko play tournaments?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To be honest: not really.
 Gecko is designed to play manly bigstack and squeeze the slightest edge
 in an aggressive manner.
 But in tournaments chip-EV and money-EV usually differ (except for winner-takes
-it-all); tournaments usually get played for survival and they often end
 with a shortstacked push-fold-phase.
 Nothing Gecko is really designed for.
 The Gecko-bot probably needs a little tweak on top of it that tempers its
 aggression here and there a little bit and cares about ICM.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Using the Gecko-bot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Gecko-bot is now fully integrated and OpenHoldems default-bot.
 It sits in the background and waits for situations where your bot-logic
 does not specify an action.
 Then Gecko steps in.
 You can use Gecko in several ways:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
play pure Gecko.
 Whenever your bot-logic is empty or not loaded or you click 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

New
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 then Gecko will care about everything and play all games from the beginning
 to the end.
 In other words: forget to load your bot-logic and increase your winnings.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
tweak Gecko.
 If Gecko satisfies you only 99% or if you want to adapt it to other game-types
 like tournaments, then you can easily tweak it.
 Don't worry: you don't have to change anything in Geckos code and possibly
 ruin it.
 All you have to do: create a new file with the exceptional situations that
 you want to play differently and leave the rest unspecified.
 Then OpenHoldem will play your bot-logic and Gecko will care about all
 the rest.
 We call this type of bot-logic a 
\emph on
Gecko-tweak
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
use Gecko as a starting-point.for your own complete bot.
 Even if you want to create a bot completely from scratch Gecko will be
 useful.
 You can start your bot-logic as a Gecko-tweak and as long as your logic
 is incomplete Gecko will care about the forgotten situations.
 So you can for example test your half-made bot as if it was already finished.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
don't use Gecko at all.
 If you are one of the few, fortunate old-school-members who already have
 a complete and better bot, then you don't have to worry that Gecko ruins
 anything.
 You can safely delete the Gecko-file from the botlogic folder or just terminate
 all evaluations with
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset listings
inline false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

WHEN Others
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   WHEN Others Fold FORCE
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
