#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
OpenPPL Symbols
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Below you find a list of OpenPPL symbols.
 They are part of the OpenPPL function-library, which gets loaded automatically
 when you load OpenHoldem.
 Most of these symbols work exactly the same way as their PPL counterparts.
 Only very few differ, mostly for technical reasons, but some of them because
 we think it is better that way.
 These differences are documented of course.
 You will also find some new symbols, that are not part of standard PPL;
 some PokerTracker and stacksize symbols for example.
 However: we didn't implement everything that is possible and desireable.
 More extensions are subject of the next chapter: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Building Symbols On Your Own
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Who knows: if you come up with some good code, reasonable naming and a
 good description your new symbols might become part of a future OpenPPL-release.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Please note that all oPPL symbols are case sensitive 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
