#LyX 1.6.5 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
OpenPPL Symbols
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Below you find a list of OpenPPL symbols.
 They are part of the OpenPPL function-library, which gets added automatically
 by the OpenPPL-translator.
 Most of these symbols work exactly the same way as their PPL counterparts.
 Only very few differ, mostly for technical reasons, but some of them because
 we think it is better that way.
 These differences are documented of course.
 You will also find some new symbols, that are not part of standard PPL;
 some PokerTracker and stacksize symbols for example.
 However: we didn't implement everything that is possible and desireable.
 More extensions are subject of the next chapter: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Building Symbols On Your Own
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Who knows: if you come up with some good code, reasonable naming and a
 good description your new symbols might become part of a future OpenPPL-release.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
