#LyX 1.6.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
\begin_inset Index
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Stealth
\end_layout

\end_inset

Stealth 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
An important consideration for any botter is that of stealth.
 Many casinos will attempt to detect the OpenHoldem software on your computer,
 and will either warn you or seize your account’s funds if they find it.
 There are two general approaches to addressing this problem, a “Single
 System” solution and a “Dual System” solution.
 OpenHoldem provides a number of facilities for achieving both of these
 setups and obscuring the program from detection.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Note that a “System” as discussed in this chapter can refer to a physical
 machine or a virtual machine.
 VMware Workstation is a popular choice for consumer system virtualization,
 but certainly you can make use of the other consumer virtualization products
 available, such as VirutalPC or VirtualBox.
 Addtionally, dasta center-class, bare metal hypervisor products such as
 VMWare ESX or Citrix XEN will work fine as well.
 See the {VMWare} section for information on configuring VMWare Workstation.
 Configuration of other virtualization platforms is not discussed in this
 documentation.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
