#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
\begin_inset Index idx
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Hand list
\end_layout

\end_inset

Hand Lists 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Hand List Editor
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Figure 5.16-44 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
OpenHoldem Hand List Editor
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The OpenHoldem Hand List editor is displayed when you click on the “3x3
 yellow squares” toolbar button from the Formula Editor window.
 This provides a graphical interface for defining the Hand Lists as used
 within OpenHoldem for various symbols and functions.
 The output of this window is not all that difficult to understand, and
 if you choose your card pairs here, save your formula, then open the formula
 in a text editor, you can quite easily see the format used.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On this window, you specify which of your 169 starting hands (hole cards)
 are included in which Hand List.
 In the screen shot above, Hand List 7 was selected prior to clicking the
 “3x3 yellow squares” toolbar button.
 There is a diagonal group of starting hands running from top left to bottom
 right and identified with bolded checkboxes.
 These are the paired starting hands, i.e.
 AA, KK, JJ, 55.
 Above this diagonal line are checkboxes for the suited starting hands,
 i.e.
 AhKh, 3s2s, Jc7c.
 Below this diagonal line are checkboxes for the unsuited starting hands,
 i.e.
 AhJc, 3d2h.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When the “OK” button is clicked, the starting hand selections you have made
 are saved to the Hand List you selected.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Using Hand Lists 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Hand lists are used by the following calculated symbols, and can be referenced
 in OH-Script code, or by Perl or DLL-based logic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="2" columns="2">
<features rotate="0" tabularvalignment="middle">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" width="35text%">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" width="75text%">
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Symbol
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Meaning
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
islistXYZ
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
true if your hand is in the list named listXYZ
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
