#LyX 1.6.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
\begin_inset Index
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Automation
\end_layout

\end_inset

Automation
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "cha:Automation"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Alright, so you have made it through the previous sections, and have a working
 Table Map, a set of bot logic for your target game, and a fully-stealthed
 out configuration.
 You may have just started to realize what a pain it is to have to manually
 start the software, select a table, sit at the table, connect OpenHoldem,
 leave the table, start a new table, etc.
 This becomes even more oppressive if you want to run multiple simultaneous
 tables.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The answer is automation.
 Automation will do these opening, selecting, moving, and clicking activities
 for you, and allow you to ultimately sleep while your poker bot plays for
 you.
 Nothing better than making money while you sleep!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Connecting To A Table
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Automatic reconnection
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
??? Still needed?
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
