#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
The Grand Plan
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So you want to start real money botting? Knowing your worst enemy you can
 plan a practical stealth setup and avoid all unnecessary complexity.
 In our opinion the way to success looks like that
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Create a basic bot, that plays something that looks like poker.
 ManualMode, DDPoker, PokerTH and PokerAcademy are great ways to develop
 your first basic bot offline, without having to care about stealth, hoppers
 and table maps at all (honestly: the TM for PA might need some tweaking,
 but that's it).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Once you have created a basic bot, fix or create a tablemap and start playing
 real opponents at a site, that does not care.
 Your first version will have some bugs and maybe simplified strategy.
 It won't win you any money and you shouldn't use a real account for that
 bot (just in case).
 Register as "Mickey Mouse, Mouseton", take a paysafe-card and cash some
 money in and start playing and improving.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Once you have a winning bot at a meaningful samplesize you can start creating
 a farm.
 You still should choose a site that doesn't care, but now you should care
 about stealth (at least a bit).
 Now it is time to learn about standard stealth and setup a clean system.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Even when you have managed to create a profitable bot, you should still
 forget about sites like PokerStars, PartyPoker and FullTilt in the early
 stages of building a bot-farm.
 These sites do care (some a bit more, some a bit less) and they will bust
 beginners (you still are a beginner stealth-wise).
 But the other poker sites provide enough traffic in the microstakes and
 low-stakes to keep you busy for some time and to master the basics of stealth.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Once you have reached that point you will be a forum-veteran and a honourable
 poker-botter.
 Then Max will invite you to a beer to Montreal and you will be welcome
 to ask any question you like.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
FAQ
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
How do I cash out the money from the Mickey-Mouse-account?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Forget about it!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quotation
If you want to make big money you have to invest big money.
 (
\noun on
Nick Coldhand
\noun default
)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This test-account will lose.
 Once your bot wins you still need an account to test future improvements
 and you don't want to risk your real accounts just because of 50 bucks.
 Always remember:
\emph on
 Most people fail for stupidity and greed.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
