#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
The Bot Logic (OpenPPL)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since version 7.0 OpenHoldem provides an alternative way to program the bot-logic
: OpenPPL.
 PPL means: Poker Programming Language, an english-like programming languge
 once designed by Shanky BonusBots.
 OpenPPL is completely integrated and can be mixed with OH-script if desired.
 Once a non-empty f$preflop function is present OpenHoldem will switch to
 OpenPPL-mode and evaluate f$preflop, f$flop, f$turn and f$river instead
 of the OH-script autoplayer-functions.
\begin_inset listings
inline false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

##f$preflop##
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

WHEN hand$AA RaiseMax FORCE
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

WHEN hand$KK AND Raises = 0 AND Calls = 0 RaiseTo 3 FORCE
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To support an easy start we wrote a separate OpenPPL-manual that is included
 in every download of OpenHoldem.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Default Bot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
An OpenPPL-bot might be 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

incomplete
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 The end of a code-section might be reached without a matching action being
 found, then the default.bot will take over.
 We will talk about this default-bot in one of the next chapters briefly;
 all the details are in an extra handbook, the OpenPPL-manual.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
