#LyX 1.6.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
\begin_inset Index
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Replay frames
\end_layout

\end_inset

Replay Frames 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
OpenHoldem has the ability to create “Replay Frames”, either automatically
 as set in {Preferences}, or when the “camera” icon on the main toolbar
 {Toolbars} is clicked.
 A “Replay Frame” (or “frame” for short), is a combination of a Windows
 
\begin_inset Index
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
bitmap
\end_layout

\end_inset

bitmap-formatted image file (.bmp) and an associated 
\begin_inset Index
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
HTML
\end_layout

\end_inset

HTML file.
 These two files, in combination, provide an easy way to reproduce and diagnose
 a particular game situation.
 This is extremely helpful in the building and testing of your Table Maps
 and bot logic in an offline fashion.
 Simply connect OpenHoldem to a live poker table, and collect interesting
 frames for later use.
 Then at a later time, use {
\begin_inset Index
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
OHReplay
\end_layout

\end_inset

OHReplay} to display these frames.
 Further connect OpenScrape or OpenHoldem to these OHReplay-displayed frames
 and work at your leisure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The HTML provides crucial context for the frame, the most important of which
 is the title text.
 This text is used exhaustively in most Table Maps to understand the game
 state.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Often, when you post a problem or discussion on the forums, you will be
 asked to provide a frame and Table Map to help the developers diagnose
 your problem.
 Feel free to open the bitmap image in your favorite image editor (MS Paint?)
 and black out the sensitive portions if needed.
 Be aware that blacking out some parts of the image may prevent the developers
 or community from helping you, so be careful with that.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Note: Both parts of the frame (.bmp and .html) and the associated Table Map
 are required to be provided when this is asked from you to help solve your
 problem!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Frames are created in a “replay” directory directly under the directory
 from which you launched OpenHoldem.
 The .bmp files are large, so ensure that you have enough space to hold the
 maximum number of frames you specified in {Preferences}.
 Once the maximum number is reached, OpenHoldem will start reusing frame
 numbers from the beginning.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
