#LyX 1.6.5 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
The Truth about Stealth
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
but consider the following points:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
stealth is a very delicate topic.
 Nobody wants to talk about it on a public forum at the internet, where
 any employee of a poker-site can read.
 You are probably a nice guy like 99% of all other people here, but at the
 moment you are just an unknown stranger.
 (I hope, this will change over time.) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
perfect stealth without a winning bot is worth nothing.
 But a winning bot without stealth (or with "standard stealth") is worth
 a fortune, as most sites don't really care.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
botting is a very complex hobby.
 It involves many different topics, such as bot-logic, opponent-modelling,
 table-maps, hoppers, stealth and some more.
 Everyone of them could take some months to master.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
99% of all botter reach never the point of profitability.
 A losing bot doesn't need much stealth at all (if any) and people who will
 disappear in a few weeks don't need to know the deepest secrets of the
 veterans (at least IMO).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
and even if we told you: how could you master "perfect stealth" without
 having mastered the basics?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So why not get rid of some complexity? IMO the way to success looks like
 that
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
create a basic bot, that plays something that looks like poker.
 ManualMode and PokerAcademy are great ways to develop your first basic
 bot offline, without having to care about stealth, hoppers and table maps
 at all (honestly: the TM for PA might need some tweaking, but that's it).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
once you have a basic bot, fix or create a tablemap and start playing real
 opponents at a site, that doesn't care.
 Your first version will have some bugs and maybe simplified strategy.
 It won't win you any money and you shouldn't use a real account for that
 bot (just in case).
 Register as "Mickey Mouse, Mouseton", take a paysafe-card and cash some
 money in and start playing and improving.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
once you have a winning bot at a meaningful samplesize you can start creating
 a farm.
 You still should choose a site that doesn't care, but now you should care
 about stealth (at least a bit).
 Now it is time to learn about standard stealth and setup a clean system.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
even when you have managed to create a profitable bot, you should still
 forget about sites like PokerStars, PartyPoker and FullTilt in the early
 stages of building a bot-farm.
 These sites do care (some a bit more, some a bit less) and they will bust
 beginners (you still are a beginner stealth-wise).
 But the other poker sites provide enough traffic in the microstakes and
 low-stakes to keep you busy for some time and to master the basics of stealth.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
once you have reached that point you will be a forum-veteran and a honourable
 poker-botter.
 Then Max will invite you to a beer to Montreal and you will be welcome
 to ask any question you like.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
