#LyX 1.6.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
OpenHoldem Preferences – 
\begin_inset Index
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Autoconnector
\end_layout

\end_inset

Autoconnector
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Autoconnector preferences control how the OpenHoldem Autoconnector functions.
 See the {The Automation} section for more information.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Window selection:
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Manual choice: 
\emph default
The classical method.
 If exactly one table and exactly one matching tablemap exist OpenHoldem
 will connect to that table directly, otherwise it will present a dialog
 with a list of choices for manual selection.
 This behaviour was quite inconvenient in production, but is still supported
 for backward compatibility.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Automatical choice: 
\emph default
This option will pick the first available table on every attempt to connect,
 that is not yet attached to another instance of OpenHoldem.
 If no such table is available, it will fall silently.
 If multiple tablemaps in the 
\begin_inset Index
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Scraper-folder
\end_layout

\end_inset

scraper-folder fit to that table it will also pick the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

first
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 one, so be careful, if you want to keep different versions of the same
 map.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Auto-connect on start: 
\emph default
This setting is pretty self-explanatory.
 OpenHolden will try to connect once to a table at startup.
 This setting is especially useful in combination with the option to automatical
ly choose a table.
 If no table exists, that fits to a tablemap -- or if all such tables are
 already getting served -- OpenHoldem will skip the connection and start
 normally; in this case you can connect OpenHoldem later, either by pressing
 the greeen button or by sending a connect-message.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Close OH when table disappears: 
\emph default
This option will terminate OpenHoldem, when the poker table stops to exist,
 e.g.
 when the table got closed by the hopper or when you get moved to another
 table in a MTT.
 This method is for you, if your philosophy to do reconnects is to close
 OpenHoldem and to simply fire up another instance.
 The other way to do reconnects would be to not close OpenHoldem and to
 connect it again, when the ->hopper opens a new table (either by pushing
 the green button or using ->connect by HWND) (Fully automated reconnects
 are not implemented; they would cause a too high CPU-load (currently each
 attempt to connect has to load every single tablemap), they would therefore
 require lots of refactoring and could thus become the source of many subtle
 mistakes in a multi-threaded environment.
 Therefore we decided against that feature.
 This is no loss, as there are at least three other ways to do reconnects
 as described above.).
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
