#LyX 1.6.5 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth -2
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Important remarks and common pitfalls
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Not all symbols are equally reliable.
 Some may be very sensitive to temporary occlusion, whereas others may give
 counter-intutive results to the beginner.
 Below is a list of the most common pitfalls and misunderstandings regarding
 the OpenHoldem symbols.
 There are for sure others, and maybe we are not even aware of them, as
 the issues are too obvious and natural for experienced users.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Whenever there are unclear questions regarding some symbols, ManualMode
 and the debug-tab will give you quick answers in a reliable and reproducable
 way.
 If you have further questions or if the results at ManualMode seem to be
 wrong, feel free to ask at the forums and provide some screenshots for
 explanantion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Not all symbols are equally reliable.
 Some symbols do rely only on the current state (e.g.
 stacks and bets), some require the complete game-history (e.g.
 nbetsroundX).
 All symbols which rely on history are especially volatile against (incorrect)
 hand-resets and temporary occlusion.
 That is no bug, but simply inevitable.
 It is the users duty to care about a stable environment and choose a proper
 handreset-method for the tablemap.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Autoplayer-symbols (e.g.
 didcallroundX) mean: what the autoplayer did, not what happened in the
 game.
 If you connect in the middle of a game, if you interact manually or if
 you connect multiple bots to the same table, then these symbols will return
 unexpected results.
 It may also sometimes (very rarely) happen, that the autoplayer attempts
 to act, but that the action fails for whatever reason and has no effect.
 If you need failsafe code, you should check a combination of various symbols
 (e.g.
 bets and balances in combination with autoplayer-symbols).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Some symbols like nplayersdealt have been very sensitive to fast folds in
 early position, as there is no guarantee, that we catch every single game-state
 and every single event.
 The 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

obvious
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 workaround was to use nchairsdeltleft and nchairsdealtright to determine
 the position relative to the dealer.
 But as too many newbies have been overburdened by such subtleties we do
 now consider players as 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

dealt
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, when they are posting blinds.
 This may very rarely give incorrect results, but is far better than the
 old approach.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Detecting blinds correctly from screenshots is a nearly impossible task,
 if you want to consider all possible cases (missing small blind; additional
 blinds; players posting blinds + dead; games with antes; distinguishing
 blinds in early position from open-limpers; players sitting in again without
 having to post a blind and limping; players being allin for the blind or
 less; reversed blinds for most heads-up games; 3-handed-games becoming
 headsup; etc.).
 Therefore OH does mostly assume, that there are exactly two blinds present
 in the game.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
If there are multiple ways to make the same hand (e.g.
 KT on a board of 9TJQ2) OpenHoldem will first use your hole-cards, then
 the board-cards.
 In the example above it will use both cards for the straight (npcbits =
 2), though one of the cards is on the board, too.
 Both ways have its pros and cons, but this one is the official way, as
 it is backward compatible to WinHoldem.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
